# Team 12 Project

## Team Overview

## Innovative Idea

Invego (working title) is a stock market game where instead of investing in companies, users invest in other users. You make an account and input information about yourself including a profile picture, bio, links to an social media you want to share, etc. You also start with a base number of bittles (our virtual currency) and get a low number of bittles daily. Users can invest in shares of other users thus increasing the net bittle worth of those users who can then invest their newfound bittles in other users.

One purpose of our webapp is a proof of concept for an applicaiton where individuals may actually be able to make money. It also serves as a social media type application where users can have fun building personal stock.

## Data
Four non-user data types include:
- Stock Portfolios
- Individual shares (prices)
- Game currency
- Messages

A portfolio is a grouping of stocks. Each person might have a portfolio, though this is generated by the app, not being user data.

A stock or share (here used interchangeably) is an amount invested in a user profile. These can be bought and sold for a price depending on supply and demand. Stocks are associated with players and each stock will be based off of a players likeness. 

The game currency is called 'bittle'. Bittle can be used to buy and sell stocks. Players will get a fixed amount of bittle per week, as well as bittle gained from selling their stock. 

Messages are a way for players to communicate with each other with text and negotiate what price to buy or sell stocks if a player does not want to buy for the asking price. Based off of the negotiated prices which happen with messages, the price will be updated as a function of what it has sold for in the past.

## Functionality

## License
[Apache License, Version 2.0](https://opensource.org/license/apache-2-0/)
